How about how will they know I'm Steve and I come
to give them a notice about my channel
creator of giving and 28 what will he do
some changes in your channel from to see
place a
a fixed date for me is not so
I want to raise one day those Friday
Saturdays
I would like comments
God would like more on Fridays
are the a vos for hello I am steve for
that I am not another thing will go up a
video per week of me only one that
because they do not expect to read
let him know in some way that
I want to see you every day
macho that in my fault but well that's not
the opposite now in his other series and
rivas de corrido
says he was going up during the
week with no fixed date now he as the
sun was gallant 2 and things like that did not tell me
something that would do something to him
quite a big teacher to you but
in the end I had it because it is not for that
Now you can read it and understand that
says thank you now what has been
this deryck told me also that
I would like a help hemming he is
doing a section have seen this
super bored game of cows
game of code ecobús de con game del
game of the cows is making a map
which is obviously quite poor
of knowledge of mouse
and I would like to know a little or
someone will help you create the map and
be like the cow and things counter
so maybe they do not like redstone and nothing
but then you want them to help you like this
that I would be grateful that
some of you 1 or 2 only two children
help me with this here volunteers
in the comments and send me messages
private if he did not want to answer or
see the comments
to all this well thank you very much no no
I was expecting so much this is a video that I paste
yes quite not as I believed because I believed
that was going to be say about 200 visits
and as registering Love
minecraft but let's see this video yes
that you liked quite obviously not what
I will continue
I'm not going to stop it here I know a lot
you liked including me
and then I do not expect anything to continue with me
until death do us part and that's it
I put it cheesy sometimes do not forget
leave me if they want it to be Friday
it's Saturdays and that 's it
we are watching the next video
see you later
already we stop to record if it is that Libya is that
how did you find out that I showed you the
penis